# rts

If you could change 1 thing about your favorite framework/language/platform (pick one), what would it be?

I wish Java could somehow be brought more up-to-date in general. While I see it as a great language for someone to learn, at the same time I see it very much as a legacy language. From my understanding, it’s usage in the real world mostly stems from companies having older systems that already utilize it. While newer projects that use it do so because it is more simple or cost-efficient to build upon something already established rather than rebuild it from the ground up. While this very much makes sense, it’s clearly not something that can be done forever. In addition, I see it very much as a jack of all trades, master of none type language. If I’m ever interested in developing something with an interesting and intuitive UI or front-end, I see it as much quicker to do so with a Javascript framework like React or Angular rather than trying to use anything Java utilizes. Or if I wanted to analyze large amounts of SQL data and display it visually, Python immediately comes to mind. While Java certainly has the capabilities to do these same things, other more modern languages can do so much more quickly and visually appealing.

However, the generality is what I love about Java as well! It gave me access to learn everything I needed to from the get-go and it’s definitely not going to go anywhere anytime soon. I love to work with it because I know any problem I have, I can at least start there and try something else if I think it’ll work out better. 
